documentation: tutorial/agent-on-docker (#516)
vdaas/vald: docs/tutorial/get-started.md

    ```bash
    # move to working directory
    cd example/client/agent

    # download fashion-mnist testing dataset
    wget http://ann-benchmarks.com/fashion-mnist-784-euclidean.hdf5
    ```

3. Running example

>     Vald provides multiple langurages client library such as Go, Java, Node.js, Python and so on.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Vald provides multiple languages client library such as Go, Java, Node.js, Python and so on.<br>
```

            time.Sleep(wt)
            ```
            </details>

>         - [Optional] Expressly create indexing instead of waiting auto indexing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - [Optional] Expressly create indexing instead of waiting for auto indexing
```

>         - [Optional] Expressly create indexing instead of waiting auto indexing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - [Optional] Indexing manually instead of waiting for auto indexing
```

>             Agent NGT can be set `auto_index_duration_limit` and `auto_index_check_duration` for auto indexing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            You can set Agent NGT configuration `auto_index_duration_limit` and `auto_index_check_duration` for auto indexing.
```

>             But, in this example case, you can create index without auto indexing via `CreateIndex()` mthod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            In this example, you can create index manually using `CreateIndex()` method in the client library.
```
